Here it is! Post Emo Emo 2 has arrived!

I put SO much work into this one! 118 days to be specific!

After POST EMO EMO resulted in the best playlist I've ever made, I knew I had to follow up with something.
I considered doing "DLC" update playlists because they'd match my 1 hr format instead of POST EMO EMO's massive 6.5 hours. 
But I disassociated for about 6 months last year and none of that ended up happening.

Once I accepted that I'd make a direct follow-up, I knew it would simply be called POST EMO EMO 2. No flair needed.

Now defining what form '2' would take wasn't even a consideration, I knew instantly:
1. The quality had to meet or exceed anything on POST EMO EMO.
2. The quality is the most important factor and cannot be adjusted to extend playlist count.
3. As with POST EMO EMO, this playlist must challenge our definition of 'emo.'
4. Lots of interesting/fun cover songs must be present.
5. The playlist cannot consist of any songs from POST EMO EMO or released prior to POST EMO EMO. (Jan 2023-Present)

The only rule I bent is 5, because I included 2 tracks from 2019, but they're so good I just can't take them out. Rule 3 is always the most fun. 
One artist worth mentioning is BILMURI. Just, just listen to him. And listen to more than one track. I can't spoil it for you. Just know your 
definition of emo will be pushed. But BILMURI rides that line so well, it felt like a disservice not to include it.

When this list started I worried I wouldn't be able to find enough material but I was soon over 3 hours. I had written up a description calling it 
a 'pint-sized follow up', how quaint. I dug in and looked deeper, listened to thousands of tracks. And from that I found almost 7 hours of music that 
made the cut initially. Now cut down to the exact same size and length as POST EMO EMO, 120 tracks at 6 hours and 34 minutes. And now released 2 years to the day from POST EMO EMO on 1/5/25.

It's so exciting watching as the 'Emo Renaissance' continues to gain momentum. LS Dunes, the first emo supergroup, has found plenty of success and 
will soon release their second album not to mention the countless albums dropped in the space within the last 14 months. More new music from emo 
stalwarts continues to emerge - even some re-recordings of old favorites, including a wickedly interesting version of "The Artist in the Ambulance" 
by a now time-worn Thrice. It's amazing to see the intersectionality I witnessed in the genre continue to grow and help redefine emo itself. 
As these next-gen emo bands mature, we're getting some of the deepest, hardest, and most bonkers tracks to date.

Covers make a significant mark on the landscape here, another echo of POST EMO EMO. All-American Rejects rock "Flagpole Sitta," Hot Mulligan give 
us "Bleed American," while many more pepper the 'list. Even an emo version of 'Freak on a Leash'! Have fun with those!

Emo is solidly back and flourishing going into 2025, and I can't wait to see what's next. I'll leave you with a direct quote of mine in a recent discussion about this playlist: "Anyone who thinks classic emo is better than modern emo, just isn't paying attention." 🙂

Notes:
-Seriously, Escape the Fate, Archers, and The Home Team have seemingly turned the quality dial to freaking 30 because GODDAMN they threw off my quality 
 curve so bad I had to omit some seriously good tracks just because they couldn't keep up. I'm considering a 'B-Sides POST EMO EMO DLC' Playlist lol.
-Listening to the two DGD tracks on here back to back is a wild experience.
-The Spotify shuffle algorithm continues its reign of total shitlord. So it's possible you'll only hear a certain few tracks over and over if you 
 shuffle. It will fully omit any of the short songs while shuffling, and, ya know the sweet flow I built. 
-While the playlist is ordered by flow, I briefly considered re-ordering it to bring some songs together, such as 'Heaven' by 
 Ocean Sleeper and 'Hell' by The Home Team. Or 'MONSTER' by Telltale and 'M.O.N.S.T.E.R.' by Escape the Fate. Or 'Skin & Bones' 
 by Silverstein and 'skin & bones' by Calling All Captains. lololol
-Unlike POST EMO EMO, POST EMO EMO 2 has a proper and fitting end.

Standout tracks:
Drag Me Out - Archers
How To Hide A Body - Daisy Grenade
Turn You Off - The Home Team
EMPTYHANDED - Bilmuri, Dylan Marlowe
Blind Side Sonny - Coheed & Cambria
Bomb.com- RedHook
Silver Cloud - State Champs
Confession - Silverstein
Liar Liar - Trash Boat
Feedback - A Day to Remember
Feral - Escape the Fate

If you like/miss :: then check out:
Old Paramore :: Here's Your Deathwish - Greywind
Old Sleeping With Sirens :: It Follows - by Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows
Old Blink-182 :: BURNOUT - Ryan Oakes, State Champs
Old Panic! at the Disco :: Love When You're Used - The Home Team
Old Saosin/Circa Survive :: LSDUNES LSDUNES LSFUCKINGDUNES
Old 'poppy' emo :: Dumbstruck Dumbfuck - Neck Deep
TikTok emo :: THIS ISN'T ABOUT DRUGS - TX2, From First To Last

This post has the word 'emo' in it 41 times. Now 42 lolol

-ARIA
12/25/24
UPDATED: 1/5/25
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/5ImUm4MkbsfUnFcI6lHqv7?si=6cfe9088ee22489e
